[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
In order to defeat one of the
Four Emperors of the New World,
the Straw Hats form
an alliance with Law.
Their current objective
is to destroy a man-made
Devil Fruit Factory in
the kingdom of Dressrosa.
In response, Doflamingo
trapped the kingdom inside
a barrier known
as the "Birdcage"
and challenged all
present to a game.
If they can't deliver
the heads of Luffy
and 11 other enemies of
the Don Quixote Family,
everyone in the
kingdom will die.
Hunted by countless adversaries,
Luffy rushes to the royal
palace to defeat Doflamingo
and put an end to his massacre.
All right, Gum-Gum... Gatling!
Move it!
[NARRATOR] While the
members of the Straw Hats
and the Don Quixote Family are
clashing all across Dressrosa,
Sabo faces Navy Admiral
Fujitora alone.
But not before
exchanging a few words.
Giving cover to pirates?
Is that the
Revolutionary Army's job?
[SABO]
It is now.
And I think I can say that,
as chief of staff.
Moreso. I say that...
...ss a brother. Heh.
[SABO]
Mark my words.
No matter where I am.
No matter what I'm doing.
Even if I must
abandon my duties.
The moment that Luffy
needs my help,
I won't let him down.
[SABO screams]
--[KOALA] Sabo!
--[HACK] Sabo!
[SABO screams]
[SABO]
Never again.
[MARINES gasp]
[SABO] Luffy, I swear.
I'll protect you!
[LUFFY] "A Desperate Situation!
Luffy Gets Caught in a Trap!"
Go! Go! Go! Go!
[moos]
That's the coliseum's
grim reaper!
But why does it have
Straw Hat on its back?
Don't chicken out now, man!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE C]
Everybody, aim for the bull!
Keep firing 'til it goes down!
And Straw Hat, too?
Are you kidding?
There's no way we
can win against him!
If we slow 'em down,
that's enough!
As long as we keep him away
from the palace, we're good!
He'll lose the game eventually!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES yell]
You leave Moocy alone!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES scream]
[BULL moos]
[moos]
All right, Moocy!
[laughs] Grim Reaper
coming through!
Get outta the way!
Can't you see? We're in a hurry!
[LUFFY gasps]
Cabbage!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE K groans]
Pardon me, but I'll be
taking the lead!
[CAVENDISH laughs]
Damn it!
I thought I was taking
a shortcut for sure!
We gotta pick up
the pace, Moocy, 'kay?
[BULL moos]
Crap! Now everyone's
catching up to us!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES]
It's Hajrudin!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES yell]
[SAI grunts]
Move it!
I don't have time to
play with you chumps!
I've got someplace to be!
This sucks! We're losing!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE S]
Here he comes!
Not again!
Don't flinch! Shoot the bull!
[JEET]
Hey, we're gonna fall!
Lay off! That's enough!
Now, Gum-Gum... Gatling!
Whip!
[JEET chuckles]
[ABDULLAH laughs]
They keep coming.
[LUFFY]
Then I'll keep punching!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES gasp]
[KELLY]
Hey, you buncha crap bags.
Keep yer' paws off
Straw Hat or else!
Rah-Rah-Rah Rampage!
Who's that?
You're breaking my heart, kid!
Come on! I'm from Block C!
The same round as you, remember?
It's Kelly Funk!
You sure?
Ugh! Your buddy God Usopp
really saved my tail today.
Just being friendly!
Anyway, I found
a shortcut you can use.
It'll take you straight
to the Sunflower Field--
Right in front of the palace.
Huh? Seriously?
Yeah. Just follow me.
This is the least I can do!
All right! Let's leave
Cabbage in the dust!
That guy turned out
to a big help, huh?
Us three? We're going
all the way!
[BULL moos]
[LAW]
Hey, Straw Hat.
[LUFFY]
Huh?
[LAW] I still gotta
get these handcuffs off.
There's no point in reaching
the palace if I can't fight.
At this rate, Doflamingo
will just kill me.
Eh! It'll all work out.
At least I think so!
But what if you're wrong?
We need to go back
to that plateau!
But why?
To find the key!
If we don't win this fight,
then we're all dead!
Right this way!
See that? Shortcut! Told ya!
[LUFFY gasps]
[KELLY]
Ehh?
[JEET] You're a standup
guy, Kelly Funk!
[ABDULLAH]
A proper gentleman!
[KELLY] What're you
waiting for? Go ahead.
I'll stay here and
keep watch for you.
Thanks! Sounds awesome!
Moocy, let's go!
[BULL moos]
Best of luck.
Thanks for the tip, my friend!
And thanks for guarding
the entrance, too!
We'll do you proud!
[gasps]
Ha?
Oh well, we didn't
need them, did we?
Nope! No looking back! Let's go!
[BULL moos]
To the Sunflower Field.
We'll... be all right!
You just... keep going!
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL A ringing]
That's your snail, isn't it?
Get it.
Hello? This is Luffy.
The man who's gonna
be King of the Pirates.
[ROBIN]
Hi, Luffy. It's me.
[LUFFY]
Robin!
[ROBIN]
Right now we're at the plateau,
same as before. And you?
[LUFFY] We're at the bottom
of that other plateau,
on the way to some
Sunflower Field.
That's four levels up.
Nice progress.
Good news. Viola found
the key to the cuffs.
Let's meet up.
Oh, awesome!
Great! Let's hurry!
Where should we go?
This is Leo from
the Tontatta Tribe.
Real soon, Miss Rebecca, the big
rooster guy, and Robiland
will be escorted to your nearest
location at super high speed!
[gasps]
Luffy, we'll meet at the
Sunflower Field, that's perfect.
[LUFFY] Uh, but how are you guys
gonna catch up with us?
I'll explain later!
You just worry
about getting there!
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL A]
Cu-lick.
See? It all worked out!
Yeah, by coincidence!
[LUFFY] We're off to the
Sunflower Field, Moocy!
[BULL moos]
[USOPP] Hey. What does
"super-high speed" mean?
You have some trick
up your sleeve?
Show him! Let's go, Cub!
Come on! Tontatta
Airlines! Yellow Cubs!
[CUB chuckles]
[gasps] Something's coming!
That's kid's a real sucker.
[KELLY HENCHMAN A]
No kidding, huh? Too easy!
[KELLY] He walked
straight into that one.
[KELLY HENCHMAN A]
Let's go.
Not yet.
[KELLY HENCHMAN A]
Huh?
This is Straw Hat, remember?
Wait 'til he gets
cornered in there,
and then I'll murder his ass.
Easy.
[KELLY HENCHMAN A] Damn, boss,
that's brutal, but also genius!
[KELLY laughs]
I see!
No way.
They're beetles!
[CUB]
All clear!
Closer! Closer! Closer!
You got it!
Bring it in!
Perfect!
[CUB]
Looking good, team!
[LEO]
All right! Step forward.
We're all ready to go.
It's time to take to the skies!
Just board the Yellow Cubs!
[LEO]
Hm? Guys? Is something wrong?
They're too small!
[ROBIN]
Um...
Yep.
What's the problem?
[CUB]
You've got the wrong idea.
Here, hold onto these ropes.
One in each hand.
Uh-oh.
He's nuts.
We're too heavy!
There's no way
they can carry us!
Let's leave the bugs
and run instead.
Yep. Yep. That
sounds much better.
Now. I'll tell you
how this works.
You aren't listening, are ya?
[LEO]
This is the Tontatta Airlines
Special Jumping Service.
Big People are too heavy to
fly on their backs, after all.
[BARTOLOMEO]
Oh, yeah, you think?
Is this normal?
No. Not that I've seen.
[LEO]
There's no more time to explain!
Get a running start
and take off!
[REBECCA, BARTOLOMEO gasp]
[REBECCA screams]
We're not flying, we're falling!
Leo! Please don't
kill our friends!
Hey! Are you all right?
[BARTOLOMEO]
If I fall to my death,
I'm gonna haunt you runts!
That sounds bad.
[gasping]
[REBECCA screams]
This is like flying.
If nothing else, we can
make you all fall slowly.
Falling is falling--
How the hell do you
call this an airline? [gasps]
Those buildings are
getting closer and closer!
[LEO]
It's fine! Relax!
And how is this relaxing?
I'm gonna crash!
[LEO]
Try to aim for a rooftop.
Huh? A rooftop?
[LEO] Yeah, that's it!
Land softly and keep running.
[LEO]
Now, go! Jump!
[screams]
[BARTOLOMEO gasps]
I'm flyin'!
[LEO] If you keep
kicking off of rooftops,
you can stay in the air!
I see! So we just leapfrog
straight to the field!
Uh-huh!
Very clever!
I think I'm catching on!
[LEO]
Wow! You're really soaring!
[BARTOLOMEO laughs]
Guys, I feel like a balloon!
Someone still might
attack us, so watch out.
Otherwise, just head for the
fourth level of the big plateau!
Roger that!
Got it!
[FRANKY grunts]
[SEÑOR]
Swim. Swim. Swim. Swim.
[groans] Enough with the
swimming, you jackass!
Just fight me already!
[FRANKY gasps]
[FRANKY groaning]
[WOMEN] Ew! Don't show us
your junk, you creep!
Too much? Stop watching.
'Cause this is what it
looks like when men fight.
[WOMEN gasp]
So hard-boiled!
[FRANKY] It's gonna take
more than cuddles to beat me.
Strong Right!
[FRANKY] Huh?
Disappearing again? Damn it.
[SEÑOR chuckles]
Huh?
[SEÑOR]
That was some punch. Not bad.
Try again.
Fraland.
[WICCA]
Inhel, what should we do?
I might have
come up with a plan.
Go on.
Bastard! How dare you
step on my sword!
Did I? Too bad.
[PICA]
I'll kill you!
You really like
hearing yourself squeak.
And that sword is way too big.
You overcompensating
for something?
Two-Sword Style!
[gasps] I see.
That's how it works.
Let's end this right now. Ready?
I think we've given
him plenty of time.
Let's go, Kelly.
Right.
[KELLY HENCHMAN B groans]
[groans]
[BULL moos]
Hey. One second.
Huh?
Feels like this passage
is sloping down.
Y'think so?
Turn back!
This place is flooded!
[LUFFY] Huh. I thought this
was supposed to be a shortcut
to the top of the plateau.
[LUFFY]
It's a dead end!
[LAW]
Get out! Hurry!
[LUFFY]
Don't panic, Moocy!
[footsteps]
Huh? Someone's coming.
[gasps]
[DOFLAMINGO] This is nothing
but a sideways water well.
More of a trap than
a shortcut, really.
[gasps]
[LUFFY]
It's you! Doflamingo!
[NARRATOR] Trapped inside
a well with no room to escape,
Luffy is knocked into the water
after an assault
from Doflamingo.
Far from his destination,
far from his friends,
and unable to free Law
from his handcuffs,
Luffy bets everything
on one giant attack
to bring him a
last-minute comeback!
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"A Great Escape!
Luffy's Tide-turning
Elephant Gun!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!